README.md, before:

# Algorithms implemented in Kotlin

This repository contains several algorithms that were implemented as part of reading through the [Introduction to Algorithms](https://www.amazon.com/dp/0262033844) book, as part of going through MIT's [Open Courseware SMA 5503](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-046j-introduction-to-algorithms-sma-5503-fall-2005/index.htm) materials.

The choice of using [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/) as the implementation language was based on personal curiosity and background with [Scala](https://www.scala-lang.org/) and [Java](https://go.java).

## Developing with IntelliJ IDEA

We recommend using [IntelliJ IDEA Community Edition](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/specials/idea/idea.html#chooseYourEdition) for your coding.  Simply open the `pom.xml` file at the root of the directory and click `Import as Project`.

You can then browse the code, and run invidual tests by right clicking on the test class or method and selecting Run.

## Running from the command line

You can run all the units tests for the project, you can use the [Maven](https://maven.apache.org) command:

```
./mvnw test
```

## Links
* [Kotlin Reference](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/basic-syntax.html)
* [IntelliJ IDEA download page](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/specials/idea/idea.html#chooseYourEdition)
* [Open Courseware SMA 5503](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-046j-introduction-to-algorithms-sma-5503-fall-2005/index.htm)

Commit message:

refactored tests to reuse sorting behavior

README.md, after:

# Algorithms implemented in Kotlin

This repository contains several algorithms that were implemented as part of reading through the [Introduction to Algorithms](https://www.amazon.com/dp/0262033844) book, as part of going through MIT's [Open Courseware SMA 5503](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-046j-introduction-to-algorithms-sma-5503-fall-2005/index.htm) materials.

The choice of using [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/) as the implementation language was based on personal curiosity and background with [Scala](https://www.scala-lang.org/) and [Java](https://go.java).

## Developing with IntelliJ IDEA

We recommend using [IntelliJ IDEA Community Edition](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/specials/idea/idea.html#chooseYourEdition) for your coding.  Simply open the `pom.xml` file at the root of the directory and click `Import as Project`.
To run tests from IntelliJ you must install the Spek plugin, for which you can follow these [generic instructions](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/installing-updating-and-uninstalling-repository-plugins.html).

You can then browse the code, and run invidual tests by right clicking on the test class or method and selecting Run.

## Running from the command line

You can run all the units tests for the project, you can use the [Maven](https://maven.apache.org) command:

```
./mvnw test
```

## Links
* [Kotlin Reference](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/basic-syntax.html)
* [IntelliJ IDEA download page](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/specials/idea/idea.html#chooseYourEdition)
* [Open Courseware SMA 5503](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-046j-introduction-to-algorithms-sma-5503-fall-2005/index.htm)
